Conan, my three cousins are so nice to you
Let you clean up so early
Your mouth stinks in the morning
Let me help you cool down
Let go
Who slapped you so well for me?
Do you know who I am?
Dare to do this to me
Who are you?
Aren't you Su Zhenguo's illegitimate daughter?
What's the matter, come to Su's house, what can I do?
I heard
The three brothers of the Su family are very dissatisfied with you
You didn't come to Beijing to apologize, did you?
It wasn't wrong
What's there to apologize for?
That's a secret
I'm here with my dad today
He had already heard
You've been bullying me
He will definitely avenge me
Are you today?
Dead, right?
Where is he?
What about people? Come out and have a look. Humph.
If you are afraid
Just say don't be brave
Before he comes
Why don't you kneel down and kowtow to me now?
Maybe.
I will forgive you
I won't let my dad trouble you
You let him out
I'd like to see what he can do to me
Are you going to apologize to your three cousins first?